Group name     HR Share RW
Comment

Members

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
abbie.moss               alan.thompson            amanda.ward
amelia.taylor            amy.dixon                antony.bailey
barbara.hughes           beth.osborne             billy.khan
brett.murray             callum.wilson            charlie.holmes
clare.norris             clare.thompson           dale.thompson
danny.ward               debra.simpson            diana.cooper
diane.stone              dominic.hall             donald.holden
eileen.evans             elliot.murray            eric.cross
francis.watson           gail.shaw                gary.harper
gemma.carroll            george.hughes            gerard.hughes
graeme.burns             graeme.turner            graham.scott
helen.barker             helen.james              holly.booth
howard.davies1           jacob.waters             jade.elliott
jake.cooke               jake.taylor              jane.rogers
janet.bell               jay.ball                 jean.murphy
jeremy.wilson            jill.jennings            joe.bennett
jordan.roberts           joyce.clayton            julie.bennett
karen.price              karen.wood               karl.wright
kate.james               kate.jones               keith.lambert
kelly.banks              kieran.james             kyle.hunt
kyle.jones               lawrence.lewis           leanne.willis
lewis.hawkins            linda.hopkins            lindsey.jones
lynn.johnson             margaret.james           maria.hutchinson
marilyn.hyde             marion.storey            mathew.edwards
matthew.adams            matthew.lloyd            max.oliver
megan.brooks             natalie.hughes           neil.francis
nicole.jackson           oliver.freeman           patricia.smith
paula.osullivan          philip.jones             rachel.price
rebecca.turnbull         ricky.clayton            robert.ball
ronald.howard            rosie.anderson           samantha.mcdonald
shane.robinson           stewart.fletcher         stuart.bates
stuart.tomlinson         teresa.bartlett          terry.brown
toby.blake               toby.nicholson           trevor.foster
vanessa.ferguson         vincent.lowe